Question: The sanctions against the school were a punishing blow, and they seemed to what the efforts the school had made to change?
Choices: ignore, enforce, authoritarian, yell at, avoid
Answer: ignore

Question: Sammy wanted to go to where the people were.  Where might he go?
Choices: race track, populated areas, the desert, apartment, roadblock
Answer: populated areas

Question: To locate a choker not located in a jewelry box or boutique where would you go?
Choices: jewelry store, neck, jewlery box, jewelry box, boutique
Answer: jewelry store

Question: Google Maps and other highway and street GPS services have replaced what?
Choices: united states, mexico, countryside, atlas, oceans
Answer: atlas

Question: The fox walked from the city into the forest, what was it looking for?
Choices: pretty flowers., hen house, natural habitat, storybook, dense forest
Answer: natural habitat

Question: What home entertainment equipment requires cable?
Choices: radio shack, substation, cabinet, television, desk
Answer: television

Question: The only baggage the woman checked was a drawstring bag, where was she heading with it?
Choices: garbage can, military, jewelry store, safe, airport
Answer: airport

Question: The forgotten leftovers had gotten quite old, he found it covered in mold in the back of his what?
Choices: carpet, refrigerator, breadbox, fridge, coach
Answer: refrigerator

Question: What do people use to absorb extra ink from a fountain pen?
Choices: shirt pocket, calligrapher's hand, inkwell, desk drawer, blotter
Answer: blotter

Question: Where is a business restaurant likely to be located?
Choices: town, at hotel, mall, business sector, yellow pages
Answer: business sector

Question: Where do you put your grapes just before checking out?
Choices: mouth, grocery cart, super market, fruit basket, fruit market
Answer: grocery cart

Question: Before getting a divorce, what did the wife feel who was doing all the work?
Choices: harder, anguish, bitterness, tears, sadness
Answer: bitterness

Question: Johnny sat on a bench and relaxed after doing a lot of work on his hobby.  Where is he?
Choices: state park, bus depot, garden, gym, rest area
Answer: garden

Question: James was cooling off two quickly.  He would die if he didn't find some way to stop what?
Choices: loss of heat, revenge, expansion, relaxation, calm down
Answer: loss of heat

Question: Of all the rooms in a house it was his favorite, the aromas always drew him to the what?
Choices: yard, basement, kitchen, living room, garden
Answer: kitchen

Question: Bill is stuck in marsh when a man comes up to him peaking Cajun, where is he?
Choices: low lands, new york, forest, louisiana, everglades
Answer: louisiana

Question: What is it called when you slowly cook using a grill?
Choices: backyard, restaurant, crockpot, neighbor's house, barbeque
Answer: barbeque

Question: What type of person typically contracts illness?
Choices: hospital, head, sick person, elderly person, doctor's office
Answer: elderly person

Question: Where would you expect to find a pizzeria while shopping?
Choices: chicago, street, little italy, food court, capital cities
Answer: food court

Question: When eating everything on the tasting menu, what does one tend to feel?
Choices: full stomach, getting full, gaining weight, sick, satisfaction
Answer: getting full

Question: What does playing soccer for a long time lead to?
Choices: excitement, fatigue, anger, hurting, getting tired
Answer: getting tired

Question: Which entrance would you use if you do not want to use the back entrance?
Choices: side, main, anterior, current, front
Answer: main

Question: You can share files with someone if you have a connection to a what?
Choices: freeway, radio, wires, computer network, electrical circuit
Answer: computer network

Question: The accelerator was controller via a hand throttle, and the foot pedals controlled the steering in the small what?
Choices: car, fuel system, accelerate, boat, airplane
Answer: airplane

Question: Sean was lying about the body, but he was very scared.  He constantly worried about what?
Choices: the reward money, hurt feelings, being found out, problems, trouble
Answer: being found out

Question: The drug kingpin told his man to run errands, this was code to go to all the dealers to do what they had?
Choices: park, make time for, receive instructions, take money, leave work
Answer: take money

Question: Though he could've kept going his body appreciated the rest, it had been constantly what during the day?
Choices: walk, lay down, working, moving, exercise
Answer: moving

Question: Too many people want exotic snakes.  The demand is driving what to carry them?
Choices: ditch, shop, north america, pet shops, outdoors
Answer: pet shops

Question: Joe suffered many consequences from stabbing a stranger to death.   Among them, the family of the victim did something to him. What was that?
Choices: knife wounds, buy a gun, bleeding, jail time, law suit
Answer: law suit

Question: To prevent any glare during the big football game he made sure to clean the dust of his what?
Choices: television, attic, corner, they cannot clean corner and library during football match they cannot need that, ground
Answer: television

Question: I have something in my head I want to share, what ways can I do that?
Choices: write an essay, organize thoughts, speak information, summarize main points, have information
Answer: speak information

Question: He wanted a house that was gated off from other places, where should he start looking?
Choices: neighborhood, subdivision, city, suburbs, street
Answer: subdivision

Question: Where in Southern Europe would you find many canals?
Choices: michigan, new york, amsterdam, venice, bridge
Answer: venice

Question: What would a camper need to do before he or she can start cooking food?
Choices: make breakfast, go hiking, pack or bag, light fire, grab a match
Answer: light fire

Question: What could happen to a paper if you leave it outside even if it does not move?
Choices: one material often recycled, ripped, saturated with water, one dimensional, crumpled
Answer: saturated with water

Question: Mark's semen was very thick, but after his vasectomy it was also what?
Choices: blank, sparse, thin, clear, free flowing
Answer: clear

Question: What is a great place to lay in the sun?
Choices: in the basement, west, solar system, beach, beans
Answer: beach

Question: Where would you find a seafood restaurant in the east coast of North America?
Choices: maine, boston, beach town, coastal cities, ocean
Answer: maine

Question: The president is the leader of what institution?
Choices: walmart, white house, country, corporation, government
Answer: government

Question: Sitting to close while watching TV can cause what sort of pain?
Choices: brain problems, laziness, get fat, headache, laughter
Answer: headache

Question: Where is a bald eagle safe?
Choices: pine tree, open country, in washington, wildlife refuge, sky
Answer: wildlife refuge

Question: The game promised it was free, but the child's parents soon found themselves doing what for microtransactions?
Choices: costly, captive, contained, paying, caught
Answer: paying

Question: What kind of driving leads to accidents?
Choices: stressful, dangerous, fun, illegal, deadly
Answer: dangerous

Question: What is eating too much dinner likely to result in?
Choices: tiredness, living longer, stomach ache, illness, acid reflux
Answer: stomach ache

Question: What is a person chatting with friends likely hoping to accomplish?
Choices: gathering of information, communication, feel relaxed, kill boredom, social bonding
Answer: social bonding

Question: Jame's bare feet were burned as he walked, because the sunshine had made the surface hot.  Where might he have been?
Choices: disneyland, snow, windowsill, street, summer
Answer: street

Question: A fox was thirsty searching for water during the drought, where was he?
Choices: painting, hen house, california, virginia, movie hall
Answer: california

Question: What might be the result of a season of successful skiing?
Choices: finish line, broken bones, broken legs, chapped lips, healthy body
Answer: healthy body

Question: The sensor would just the distance then set off an alarm, the installation expert explained it was called a what kind of sensor?
Choices: near, closeness, here, proximity, this
Answer: proximity

Question: The man was eating lunch, but rushed when he looked at his watch, why did he rush?
Choices: gain weight, late for work, heartburn, bad breath, early for work
Answer: late for work

